P2sh update (#8)
rsksmart/powpeg-redeemscript-parser: README.md

Generates a regular powpeg redeemscript.
This methods takes the parameterized powpegBtcPublicKeys, sorts them ascending and generates a p2ms script. The signature threshold is half public keys plus one.

### getP2shErpRedeemScript

```

> function getP2shErpRedeemScript(powpegBtcPublicKeys: Array<string|Buffer>, erpBtcPublicKeys: Array<string|Buffer>, csvValue: string): Buffer;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function getP2shErpRedeemScript(powpegBtcPublicKeys: Array<string|Buffer>, erpBtcPublicKeys: Array<string|Buffer>, csvValue: number): Buffer;
```

Author: Resolved

```

> Generates a P2SH ERP powpeg redeemscript. (this will become the default after the first powpeg change after IRIS)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Generates a P2SH ERP powpeg redeemscript. (this will become the default after the first powpeg change after HOP 4.0.1)
```

This is going to be effective after HOP 4.0.1, isn't it?

Author: Yes, Resolved
